;"The opening scene..."

"The business deal behind you, you wish only to be out of this bleak
corner of Eastern Europe. The border to the West is now only a few
hours away at Gola, and from there its a quick flight to Trieste, and then
back to civilization...|
|
The ride is interminable, and it seems you're dozing off again. The wheels of
the train are ticking like a clock, ticking off the segments of track you're
passing, and the compartment is rocking you back and forth, back and forth,
slowly closing your eyelids.|
|
Your slumber is cut short as a man staggers into your compartment, panting 
strangely. From his demeanor, you would guess he'd been drinking heavily.
Before you can dismiss him, though, you notice a dark red spot beneath his
coat which he grasps tightly. He speaks softly, but hurriedly.|
|
\"I've only got a moment, so listen carefully! Since you were reading a copy
of the International Herald over lunch, I'll assume you're an American. I am
an agent of our government and I've been sent to pick up <a vital microfilm>
in Frbz and pass it along to our special agent in Gola. An enemy agent
spotted me on the train, and I only barely managed to escape.\" He groans
softly, examining his wound.|
|
\"The best I can do now is throw the enemy off the scent, but I need you, your
country needs you, to carry out my assignment.\" You start to interrupt,
a thousand questions racing through your mind. \"There's no time! My
contact in Frbz is <an old man reading a newspaper> and I was to offer
him a <light>, then say the words <'Fromzi remax uzbuz'>. He was to hand
over the <film> and I was to take it to our contact in Gola, <a woman in
white> who was to greet me at the station with the words <'Have you a
train schedule?'>. Here! Take my briefcase - there are things you might
find useful inside. And be careful! Our enemies are all around us!\" Before
you can respond, he checks the corridor and races out."

;"Problems: 
  1) Cleaning off the floor (blood stains will lead the enemy agents to
     you)

  2) Checking out the briefcase and what's in it.

  3) Finding the pass object (other compartments, making them out of
     crude devices, buying it, etc.)

  4) Making the first rendezvous successfully. This will involve getting
     off the train, meeting the correct person, saying the magic words,
     and getting that person to meet you in a shop, w.c., etc. for the
     exchange. >SIT DOWN NEXT TO OLD MAN  >OFFER HIM A LIGHT >SAY 'FRNZI
     BRNZI UZBUZ' >OLD MAN, MEET ME AT THE COFFEE SHOP >GIVE ME THE
     MICROFILM
     
  5) Hiding the MacGuffin during the trip and especially at the border
     when your stuff is searched.

  6) Avoiding the enemy agent(s) and delivering the goods to the contact
     at Gola
"

;"Combinations of pass object and action on the part of the contact

	Object			Action

	Lighter			Pulls out a cigarette

	Cigarette		Feels within jacket for something

        Dollar Bill		Reaching on ground for something

"

;"Ways of getting the pass object:

1) From another character or that character's compartment (stealing)

2) Consing up a makeshift equivalent of the object

3) Buying the object at one of the train stations. 

"

;"Complications:

1) The contact might be replaced by someone else (as you have replaced
   the original spy. The code word/object would remain the same, of course.
   There might be some giveaway (like someone with an unlighted cigarette
   in his mouth or searching the ground for something). Showing the pass
   object to the wrong people would arouse the suspicion of an enemy
   agent (guard) at the station.

2) The pass object might have to be manufactured, rather than obtained
   (stolen).
"